CQA Hammer CLI guide (#4987)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_setting-a-default-organization-and-location-context.adoc

= Setting a default organization and location context

[role="_abstract"]

> Set default organization and location values for Hammer to simplify commands and avoid repeatedly specifying the `--organization` and `--location` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a default organization and location context for Hammer to simplify commands and avoid repeatedly specifying the `--organization` and `--location` options.
```

I would use "context" over "values" to align with other parts of the docs, e.g. https://docs.theforeman.org/nightly/Managing_Organizations_and_Locations/index-katello.html#planning-organization-and-location-context_managing-organizations-locations
